Beijing Tourist Destinations (Drum Tower, Temple of Heaven)
Shanghai Skyline (Different City)
Terra Cotta Warriors
Panda Sanctuary
Summer Palace
typical xiaoqu
Subway station
Nightclub district
tianemin square (monument to people's heros, mauseleum)
birds nest stadium

make a relationship with an artist or studio, that we can meet and coordinate art. 

Derisking (testing app for bugs, testing market for what people)

Marketing:
integrate online and offline marketing
Online:
chinese forums, sharable on chinese social media, viral content (film/animation/documentary about a real kebab chef)

Low investment but we can make a lot happen
low risk


Intro/Story/Founders


Problem:
Lack of localized content for some of the worlds biggest economies

Vietnam has population of 90 million people, 3x size of Australia or Italy. No one thinks of it as anything other than a backwater communist state

Huge consumer and android penetration, 50% of all apps are games
only 250 games were developed by Vietnamese developers

(FlappyBird was made by a vietnamese dude)

People want localized content - statistics. 
Ski safari: http://www.yodo1.com/ski-safari-china-edition/

Successful games in China make 15,000 a day in China alone. Imagine having that plus India plus vietnam, fully localized versions. Multiple markets reduce risk.
Viral content is international.
CEO of sharability about marketing: viral content, humor varies, but at the end of the day a clip that is sharable here is also sharable. Sharable period.

First product - timeline
Business model - free-to-play, in-app purchases, (google play)
high-levels of downloads (for reference Ski Safari had 25 million new players in the first six months)
a few paying customers who provde the bulk of revenue. 
Only 10% of users buy in app purchases, $5 on average.
5 million players
2.5 million dollars, 
almost no expenses after game launch, improvements of graphics.
consistent adjustments, localization to new markets, measured in a few 1000 dollars.

Local Partners:
Enables us to integrate all sorts of logistical nightmares, roadblocks for most companies looking to enter these markets. Preemptively making these relationships. Met with Yodo1. Big company with huge success, offices in different countries, CEOs are cross cultural. THE name for localization in China, they said our game was the most localized game they had ever seen, they also gave suggestions on what to put in our game to make it successful, high likelihood of establishing a partnership with them. 

Competition
We're not going be the only games in these new markets. There's big international companies with unlocalized games, and there might local game companies providing games for their own cultures.
We want it to not even cross people's minds that this is not a local game made by Vietnamese or Chinese developers.
Intellectual Property is a big consideration, which is another reason we use trustworthy local partners to ensure our apps are not duplicated/stolen. No copycat apps using your source code show up.

Investment/Next steps:
Market evaluation and research (looking in new markets, establishing local partners if necessary)
Product development (art, localization/translation)
Product testing -  Analytics (we've already done that, 
Marketing/Branding (offline (t-shirts, stickers, videos), online (viral content, social media, etc))

